as you here at macabre Dodge Jeep in
Newmarket Ontario right across the
rubber can of them all right now we're
looking at brand-new 2014 RAM 1500 sport
as you can see it's the beautiful bright
white color the sport comes with the
halogen projector headlights the fog
lights these beautiful hood scoops has
the color match front bumper a 20 inch
chrome alloy wheels with Goodyear
Wrangler tires and wheel locks you have
the 5.7 liter heavy dark tinted OAM
windows integrated turn signals we have
this two purpose mirror where you can
hit the base up here and it folds around
for a wider view if you don't need the
water view can simply push it back down
like so very very handy on the inside we
have power windows power locks and power
mirrors you have combination cloth and
leather interior where the side panels
are this gorgeous black leather in this
insect right here it's this texturized
cloth very very nice very modern and
luxurious looking you have power
driver's seat with lumbar support when
you get into the truck on the steering
wheel we have voice recognition and
Bluetooth we have onboard computer
controls will show you things like your
speedometer your vehicle info your fuel
economy your trip meters your trailer
brake settings the audio settings and
everything else very very handy on the
other side of the steering wheel we have
cruise control we have this manual gear
shifting basically allows for a manual
transmission but without the clutch you
can gear up or gear down it's a pending
what you need to do really great if
you're towing a trailer on the back of
this leather wrap steering wheel which
is also heated we have audio controls on
the left and right hand side the left
side is the mode or channel the right
side is the volume
we have this audio system with dual zone
oratory my father this audio
entertainment system with AM and FM
channels Sirius satellite radio which
you can see is currently engaged we have
media inputs we have heated seats for
passenger and driver side as well as the
heated steering wheel dual zone climate
zones navigation it's really nice not
that built in you'll never get lost you
can pair up to seven phones at one time
through bluetooth for communication
we'll hit no for now off the screen here
we have this electrochromatic or
electric dual zone heating Center you
can control on the screen or off the
screen we have the controls in here
which are really handy so if the screens
off you can use both heated seats we
don't have to worry about turning the
screen on you have the trailer break
right here you have this four-wheel
drive option console right here with
this beautiful transmission gear changer
the toggle switch you can put your foot
on the brake and just toggle it to
whichever gear you need to be in we have
a backup camera I'm going to pop it
right here as you can see the backup
camera the really cool thing about this
backup camera is when you turn the wheel
you can see that the the lines on the
screen also turn with the wheel to guide
you exactly where you're going
very very cool we have programmable
garage door openers electrochromatic
rear view mirror a power sliding rear
window power tilt sliding sunroof look
how gorgeous and largest is really nice
to have this built in
in the back you have this combination
into your continuing through and this is
a quad cab you can lift up the base of
the seats for extra storage simply with
one hand the box of this truck currently
doesn't have any box liner or tunnel
covers anything like that we like to
leave this up to you fully customizable
whether you want the line X a fifth
wheel anything tonneau cover etc it's
fully customizable we have the taupe OAM
trailer tow package with dual exhaust
mounted around this beautiful color
matched rear bumper one-piece
I love the RAM 1500 s in this beautiful
bright white very sporty very trendy the
color just pops coming up a carved
across remember Canada ball you can call
us at